docs(vitePreprocess): ts is no longer preprocessed by default (#974)
sveltejs/vite-plugin-svelte: docs/preprocess.md

  - SugarSS: `<style lang="sss">`

  By default, PostCSS or LightningCSS ([if configured in Vite](https://vitejs.dev/config/shared-options.html#css-transformer)) is applied to all `<style>` tags.

>   If required, you can style transforming off by setting the `style` option to `false`. The `style` option also accepts Vite's `InlineConfig` and `ResolvedConfig` types for advanced usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If required, you can turn transforming off by setting the `style` option to `false`. The `style` option also accepts Vite's `InlineConfig` and `ResolvedConfig` types for advanced usage.
```

>   > TypeScript is no longer preprocessed by default as Svelte 5 understands most syntax natively.
>   > If you use TypeScript features that emit code like enum, using , decorators or class declarations with visibility modifiers, you have to enable the script preprocessor manually.

Reviewer: I would make this a regular paragraph

```suggestion
TypeScript is no longer preprocessed by default as Svelte 5 understands most syntax natively.
If you use TypeScript features that emit code (like `enum`, `using`, `accessors`, decorators or class declarations with visibility modifiers), you have to enable the script preprocessor by setting the `script` option to `true`.
```
